>> Jen Kramer: Yes, Dylan?
>> Dylan: So in my source, on the web
page, I see the alternative language.
But since I see the photo, is it hidden?
>> Jen Kramer: Yes.
>> Dylan: Okay.
>> Speaker 3: Can you actually ask that
question again, after they're done?
>> Speaker 4: Sorry.
>> Jen Kramer: Yep?
>> Speaker 4: I'll take that one-
>> Jen Kramer: Hold that question,
just a second.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE].
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
cuz it's a great question.
>> Speaker 4: Cool.
>> Jen Kramer: Typo,
typos will get you every time.
When they make create
a computer that fixes typos,
it will be a beautiful day, okay.
So Dylan, go ahead and
ask your question one more time.
>> Dylan: Okay, since I see
the kitten is the alt text hidden.
>> Jen Kramer: Yes,
the all text is actually it is here.
And doesn't display on the page,
it displays only if it
can't find this picture.
So for example, let me break my kitten.
I'll take a few characters
out of my URL here.
Hopefully nothing exists at that website.
So I'm deliberately trying
to break my picture.
Okay, so when you have a broken picture,
look what happens.
Right now I broke my picture.
Okay, so right here on the website,
it just says cute kitty cat.
That's my alt text.
Okay, so for people who can't see
the picture, can't download it.
And for when we make typos and
we blow things up, you may see
something that looks just like that.
Now, this may look different
in some other browsers.
Sometimes you see a broken image icon.
So let me let's look at it quick here
in Chrome and see what that looks like.
Yeah, so here in Chrome, over here
on the side, see how we, actually,
have a little broken icon right here?
So that's an indication to you, as the web
developer, that you did something wrong or
something happened.
The Placekitten website blew up,
blew away, it's gone.
That picture doesn't exist anymore.
You deleted it off your website and
you forgot that you deleted a picture.
It could be a lot of things that happened,
but you need to look into your code and
find out what happened.
Does that make sense?
Okay, yes.
>> Speaker 5: Is there a way to make the
alt text show up like when you hover your
cursor over the image?
>> Jen Kramer: Yes, there is.
That is a great question also.
Okay, so let me go back to my code, here.
Let me fix it.
Undo is your friend.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so, the question is,
can we actually get this text to show,
when you hover over the image?
And that sometimes works,
in some browsers.
Let me go back to Chrome, here.
So, I'm looking at Chrome.
>> Jen Kramer: That says I'm
an Android developer, AndroidPub.
I wonder where that comes from.
So sometimes in some browsers,
that will do that,
in other browsers it
won't with the alt text.
So here in Firefox, when I roll my mouse
over the picture, it doesn't say anything.
Okay, so sometimes you have to add another
attribute in order to make that work,
and there is an attribute
called the title attribute.
>> Jen Kramer: And sometimes this
attribute will show when you roll your
mouse over the picture.
It depends.
>> Jen Kramer: Welcome to your
world is front end web developers,
not all browsers work the same way.
It is part of the world that we live in,
is the reason that most front
end web developers are bald.
>> Speaker 6: [LAUGH]
>> Jen Kramer: Pulled out all of our hair
trying to figure out these two browsers.
Okay, so if I do that,
if I add that title attribute there,
[COUGH]
and I refresh this.
So now in Firefox,
I do indeed get the little text that
shows up when I roll my mouse over, okay.
And we'll see what happens in Chrome.
It also says cute kitty cat.
>> Dylan: A lot of times
when I have broken images,
it's because I put
the wrong file extension.
Instead of .jpeg, I accidentally
did .png or instead of .png, .jpeg.
>> Jen Kramer: Yes, so, it depends on
where you're getting the image from.
Right now, I've just gotten the image
right here off the internet.
If you can also put up your
own pictures if you want.
If you put up your own pictures,
they need to be in a certain format.
They need to be jpegs, pngs, or gifs.
Those are the only three image
formats that work on the web.
I think that's in your notes.
And it's easy to confuse those formats.
So you type in that it's a PNG image,
and it's actually a JPG image and
it doesn't show.
>> Jen Kramer: All right, so let's go
through just a couple of other items here.
So, remember here, under the image tag,
there it is JPG, GIF, and PNG.
Those are the formats that
will work on the web.
Sometimes you'll also see a format
called SVG which stands for
scalable vector graphics.
These are two different kinds of images.
Those of you who are familiar with
graphic design and image illustration.
You'll know that we have Photoshop
images and Illustrator images, right.
Photoshop images are called raster images.
They made up a whole bunch of little
dots called pixels over and over again.
That makes a picture, right?
Those are the pictures
you make on your camera.
You also have those Illustrator
images that are, they're math,
basically, they're series of math
equations that draw curves and so forth.
Color things in.
So, we have them on web as well.
JPEG given PNG a raster images, series of
pixels, SPGs or mathematical equations,
and so occasionally,
you'll see these used as images as well.
Advanced topic, that's all you get on
that in this boot camp, all right?
Look it up.
And then as I went through already,
the source in the alt text are the two
very important attributes that you need.
And you have an example here.
Also note that I've given you links to
where you can read more on this stuff.
So this is a link to the Mozilla Developer
Network website where you can read more
about the image tag as well.
Okay, any questions on images?
Yes?
>> Speaker 5: I was just wondering
because of accessibility.
>> Jen Kramer: Yes.
>> Speaker 5: Is it becoming more of
a standard to make better descriptions for
the alt tag or
people not really going that way?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah.
The alt tag is critical for
for accessibility purposes.
And the description should be very
relevant to whatever the picture is.
So historically, people have done all
kinds of crazy things with alt tags.
It should really, truly be
a description of what that picture is.
And in fact, cute little kitty cat
is probably what we get [LAUGH] for
the one that we just put in.
But you could you could write
more about that if you wanted.
We could say whatever kind of cat that is.